Chen Family and Fang Family
The South Side was hit like never before.
The head of the Chen family was furious
Sent a big butler
You have to ask me for an explanation
And want me to put Yafeng
Give them the hospital land
Otherwise, find me
Isn't the problem just a housekeeper?
As for failing like this?
It's not just the housekeeper
They also brought a master poison user
Killing is invisible
It is said to be enshrined by the Chen family
The owner should be talking about Lao Qi.
18th on the powerhouse list
This person is extremely skilled at using poison
But martial arts are commonplace
Owner, you must save me this time
You have invested over 200 billion in Nancheng
You can't help but save me
Owner, I have my family
Isn't it just a scumbag and an old dog?
As for scaring you like this?
OK, I'll go with you.
Okay, give me a refund first.
Go check the details. Yes.
Fei Long
I heard that Guardian Zhao is here